c:\users\jei\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\background_stars.xnb
c:\users\jei\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Font.xnb
c:\users\jei\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\FontTexture.xnb
c:\users\jei\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\mid_background.xnb
c:\users\jei\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\QuadEffect.xnb
c:\users\jei\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\tiles1.xnb
c:\users\jei\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Wizzy.xnb
c:\users\jei\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x86\SDL2.dll
c:\users\jei\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x64\SDL2.dll
c:\users\jei\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x86\soft_oal.dll
c:\users\jei\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x64\soft_oal.dll
c:\users\jei\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x86\libSDL2-2.0.so.0
c:\users\jei\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x64\libSDL2-2.0.so.0
c:\users\jei\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x86\libopenal.so.1
c:\users\jei\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x64\libopenal.so.1
c:\users\jei\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Platformer.exe
c:\users\jei\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Platformer.pdb
c:\users\jei\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\jei\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Platformer\Platformer\obj\Debug\Platformer.exe
c:\users\jei\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Platformer\Platformer\obj\Debug\Platformer.pdb
c:\users\jei\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\default\libSDL2-2.0.0.dylib
c:\users\jei\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\default\libopenal.1.dylib
c:\users\jei\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\default\MonoGame.Framework.dll.config
C:\Users\JEI\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\hud.xnb
C:\Users\JEI\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Music\Music1.ogg
C:\Users\JEI\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Music\Music1.xnb
C:\Users\JEI\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Sound\Attack.xnb
C:\Users\JEI\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Sound\Bounce.xnb
C:\Users\JEI\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Sound\CatOuch.xnb
C:\Users\JEI\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Sound\ChainsawHit.xnb
C:\Users\JEI\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Sound\Explode.xnb
C:\Users\JEI\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Sound\Jump.xnb
C:\Users\JEI\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Sound\Land.xnb
C:\Users\JEI\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Sound\MousterHit.xnb
C:\Users\JEI\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Sound\MousterOuch.xnb
C:\Users\JEI\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Sound\Ouch.xnb
C:\Users\JEI\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Crystal.xnb
C:\Users\JEI\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\monsters1.xnb
C:\Users\JEI\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Platformer\Platformer\obj\Debug\Platformer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\JEI\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\explosion1.xnb
C:\Users\kalinva\Desktop\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Sound\Attack.xnb
C:\Users\kalinva\Desktop\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Sound\Bounce.xnb
C:\Users\kalinva\Desktop\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Sound\CatOuch.xnb
C:\Users\kalinva\Desktop\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Sound\ChainsawHit.xnb
C:\Users\kalinva\Desktop\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Sound\Explode.xnb
C:\Users\kalinva\Desktop\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Sound\Jump.xnb
C:\Users\kalinva\Desktop\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Sound\Land.xnb
C:\Users\kalinva\Desktop\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Sound\MousterHit.xnb
C:\Users\kalinva\Desktop\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Sound\MousterOuch.xnb
C:\Users\kalinva\Desktop\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Sound\Ouch.xnb
C:\Users\kalinva\Desktop\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Music\Music1.ogg
C:\Users\kalinva\Desktop\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Music\Music1.xnb
C:\Users\kalinva\Desktop\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\background_stars.xnb
C:\Users\kalinva\Desktop\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Crystal.xnb
C:\Users\kalinva\Desktop\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\explosion1.xnb
C:\Users\kalinva\Desktop\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Font.xnb
C:\Users\kalinva\Desktop\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\FontTexture.xnb
C:\Users\kalinva\Desktop\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\hud.xnb
C:\Users\kalinva\Desktop\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\mid_background.xnb
C:\Users\kalinva\Desktop\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\monsters1.xnb
C:\Users\kalinva\Desktop\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\QuadEffect.xnb
C:\Users\kalinva\Desktop\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\tiles1.xnb
C:\Users\kalinva\Desktop\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Wizzy.xnb
C:\Users\kalinva\Desktop\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x86\SDL2.dll
C:\Users\kalinva\Desktop\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x64\SDL2.dll
C:\Users\kalinva\Desktop\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x86\soft_oal.dll
C:\Users\kalinva\Desktop\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x64\soft_oal.dll
C:\Users\kalinva\Desktop\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x86\libSDL2-2.0.so.0
C:\Users\kalinva\Desktop\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x64\libSDL2-2.0.so.0
C:\Users\kalinva\Desktop\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x86\libopenal.so.1
C:\Users\kalinva\Desktop\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x64\libopenal.so.1
C:\Users\kalinva\Desktop\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\default\libSDL2-2.0.0.dylib
C:\Users\kalinva\Desktop\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\default\libopenal.1.dylib
C:\Users\kalinva\Desktop\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\default\MonoGame.Framework.dll.config
C:\Users\kalinva\Desktop\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Platformer.exe.config
C:\Users\kalinva\Desktop\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Platformer.exe
C:\Users\kalinva\Desktop\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Platformer.pdb
C:\Users\kalinva\Desktop\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\kalinva\Desktop\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll.config
C:\Users\kalinva\Desktop\Platformer\Platformer\obj\Debug\Platformer.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\kalinva\Desktop\Platformer\Platformer\obj\Debug\Platformer.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\kalinva\Desktop\Platformer\Platformer\obj\Debug\Platformer.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\kalinva\Desktop\Platformer\Platformer\obj\Debug\Platformer.exe
C:\Users\kalinva\Desktop\Platformer\Platformer\obj\Debug\Platformer.pdb
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x86\SDL2.dll
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x64\SDL2.dll
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x86\soft_oal.dll
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x64\soft_oal.dll
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x86\libSDL2-2.0.so.0
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x64\libSDL2-2.0.so.0
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x86\libopenal.so.1
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x64\libopenal.so.1
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\default\libSDL2-2.0.0.dylib
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\default\libopenal.1.dylib
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\default\MonoGame.Framework.dll.config
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Sound\Attack.xnb
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Sound\Bounce.xnb
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Sound\CatOuch.xnb
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Sound\ChainsawHit.xnb
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Sound\Explode.xnb
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Sound\Jump.xnb
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Sound\Land.xnb
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Sound\MousterHit.xnb
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Sound\MousterOuch.xnb
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Sound\Ouch.xnb
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Music\Music1.ogg
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Music\Music1.xnb
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\background_stars.xnb
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Crystal.xnb
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\explosion1.xnb
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Font.xnb
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\FontTexture.xnb
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\hud.xnb
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\mid_background.xnb
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\monsters1.xnb
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\QuadEffect.xnb
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\tiles1.xnb
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Wizzy.xnb
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Platformer.exe.config
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Platformer.exe
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Platformer.pdb
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll.config
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Platformer\Platformer\obj\Debug\Platformer.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Platformer\Platformer\obj\Debug\Platformer.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Platformer\Platformer\obj\Debug\Platformer.csproj.CopyComplete
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Platformer\Platformer\obj\Debug\Platformer.exe
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Platformer\Platformer\obj\Debug\Platformer.pdb
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Commun1\Valentin\Examples\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x86\SDL2.dll
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Commun1\Valentin\Examples\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x64\SDL2.dll
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Commun1\Valentin\Examples\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x86\soft_oal.dll
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Commun1\Valentin\Examples\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x64\soft_oal.dll
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Commun1\Valentin\Examples\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x86\libSDL2-2.0.so.0
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Commun1\Valentin\Examples\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x64\libSDL2-2.0.so.0
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Commun1\Valentin\Examples\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x86\libopenal.so.1
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Commun1\Valentin\Examples\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x64\libopenal.so.1
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Commun1\Valentin\Examples\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\default\libSDL2-2.0.0.dylib
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Commun1\Valentin\Examples\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\default\libopenal.1.dylib
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Commun1\Valentin\Examples\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\default\MonoGame.Framework.dll.config
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Commun1\Valentin\Examples\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Sound\Attack.xnb
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Commun1\Valentin\Examples\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Sound\Bounce.xnb
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Commun1\Valentin\Examples\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Sound\CatOuch.xnb
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Commun1\Valentin\Examples\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Sound\ChainsawHit.xnb
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Commun1\Valentin\Examples\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Sound\Explode.xnb
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Commun1\Valentin\Examples\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Sound\Jump.xnb
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Commun1\Valentin\Examples\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Sound\Land.xnb
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Commun1\Valentin\Examples\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Sound\MousterHit.xnb
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Commun1\Valentin\Examples\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Sound\MousterOuch.xnb
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Commun1\Valentin\Examples\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Sound\Ouch.xnb
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Commun1\Valentin\Examples\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Music\Music1.ogg
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Commun1\Valentin\Examples\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Music\Music1.xnb
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Commun1\Valentin\Examples\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\background_stars.xnb
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Commun1\Valentin\Examples\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Crystal.xnb
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Commun1\Valentin\Examples\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\explosion1.xnb
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Commun1\Valentin\Examples\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Font.xnb
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Commun1\Valentin\Examples\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\FontTexture.xnb
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Commun1\Valentin\Examples\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\hud.xnb
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Commun1\Valentin\Examples\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\mid_background.xnb
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Commun1\Valentin\Examples\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\monsters1.xnb
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Commun1\Valentin\Examples\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\QuadEffect.xnb
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Commun1\Valentin\Examples\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\tiles1.xnb
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Commun1\Valentin\Examples\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Wizzy.xnb
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Commun1\Valentin\Examples\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Platformer.exe.config
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Commun1\Valentin\Examples\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Platformer.exe
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Commun1\Valentin\Examples\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Platformer.pdb
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Commun1\Valentin\Examples\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Commun1\Valentin\Examples\Platformer\Platformer\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll.config
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Commun1\Valentin\Examples\Platformer\Platformer\obj\Debug\Platformer.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Commun1\Valentin\Examples\Platformer\Platformer\obj\Debug\Platformer.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Commun1\Valentin\Examples\Platformer\Platformer\obj\Debug\Platformer.csproj.CopyComplete
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Commun1\Valentin\Examples\Platformer\Platformer\obj\Debug\Platformer.exe
F:\ETML\PROJETS\GameOfTheYear\Commun1\Valentin\Examples\Platformer\Platformer\obj\Debug\Platformer.pdb
